docs: refactor several areas of documentation (#1726)
authelia/authelia: docs/contributing/authelia-scripts.md

# Authelia Scripts

> Authelia comes with a set of dedicated scripts doing a broad range of operations such as building the distributed 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authelia comes with a set of dedicated scripts to perform a broad range of operations such as building the distributed 
```

version of Authelia, building the Docker image, running suites, testing the code, etc...

> Those scripts becomes available after sourcing the bootstrap.sh script with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Those scripts become available after sourcing the bootstrap.sh script with
```
